Add lint group infra (#960)
obi1kenobi/cargo-semver-checks: README.md

union_must_use_added = "allow"
```

#### Configuration Priority

When there are multiple conflicting entries for a given lint (for example, configuring the
`must_use_added` group containing the `function_must_use_added` lint and `function_must_use_added` itself),
`cargo-semver-checks` needs more information to determine which configuration entry takes
precedence. Like the Cargo `[lints]` table, each configuration entry has an optional
`priority` field that defines the order of configuration entries. If an entry has no
`priority` key, its priority is 0 by default. Entries with a lower (more negative)

> `priority` override those with a higher `priority` when there is a conflict.

Reviewer: Consider explaining first, then providing an example, rather that doing both at once. Weaving lint groups and a specific lint into the middle of the explanation leaves readers with a lot of information to track.

Consider adapting the explanation I used below if you decide you like it. Something along the lines of "for each setting in each lint, we inspect config items in priority order and pick the first one that sets a value for that setting."

For example:

```toml
must_use_added = { level = "warn", required-update = "major" }
function_must_use_added = { level = "deny" }
```

`cargo-semver-checks` will raise an error if invoked with this configuration, because there is a
conflict for the `level` field in `must_use_added`. Let's use the `priority` field to describe
the configuration we want:

```diff,toml
- function_must_use_added = { level = "deny" }
+ function_must_use_added = { level = "deny", priority = -1 }
```

By adding a `priority` of -1, the `function_must_use_added` entry will override the `must_use_added`
(which has the default priority of 0) when there is a conflict. This will result in a final configuration
of:

```toml
enum_must_use_added = { level = "warn", required-update = "major" }
struct_must_use_added = { level = "warn", required-update = "major" }
# ...
function_must_use_added = { level = "deny", required-update = "major" }
```

> Note that `function_must_use_added` still has a `major` required update bump, because the entry with
> priority -1 left the `required-update` to its default value, so `cargo-semver-checks` will use the
> entry with less precedence to calculate the required version bump.

Reviewer: We need a succinct, memorable way to describe this algorithm.

How about something like:
```suggestion
The final values for the `level` and `required-update` fields are computed separately, each in priority order.

If the entry with the most-negative `priority` doesn't set both `level` and `required-update` values, the final configuration may have elements of multiple config entries. This happens
in the above example, where `function_must_use_added` still has a `major` required update bump:
- The entry with priority -1 did not override the `required-update` field. We keep looking.
- In priority order, the next entry is the one with priority 0. It set `required-update = "major"`.
- The lint uses `required-update = "major"`.
```
